README.md, before:

![](../../workflows/gds/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/docs/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/test/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/fpga/badge.svg)

# Tiny Tapeout Verilog Project Template

- [Read the documentation for project](docs/info.md)

## What is Tiny Tapeout?

Tiny Tapeout is an educational project that aims to make it easier and cheaper than ever to get your digital and analog designs manufactured on a real chip.

To learn more and get started, visit https://tinytapeout.com.

## Set up your Verilog project

1. Add your Verilog files to the `src` folder.
2. Edit the [info.yaml](info.yaml) and update information about your project, paying special attention to the `source_files` and `top_module` properties. If you are upgrading an existing Tiny Tapeout project, check out our [online info.yaml migration tool](https://tinytapeout.github.io/tt-yaml-upgrade-tool/).
3. Edit [docs/info.md](docs/info.md) and add a description of your project.
4. Adapt the testbench to your design. See [test/README.md](test/README.md) for more information.

The GitHub action will automatically build the ASIC files using [OpenLane](https://www.zerotoasiccourse.com/terminology/openlane/).

## Enable GitHub actions to build the results page

- [Enabling GitHub Pages](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/#my-github-action-is-failing-on-the-pages-part)

## Resources

- [FAQ](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/)
- [Digital design lessons](https://tinytapeout.com/digital_design/)
- [Learn how semiconductors work](https://tinytapeout.com/siliwiz/)
- [Join the community](https://tinytapeout.com/discord)
- [Build your design locally](https://www.tinytapeout.com/guides/local-hardening/)

## What next?

- [Submit your design to the next shuttle](https://app.tinytapeout.com/).
- Edit [this README](README.md) and explain your design, how it works, and how to test it.
- Share your project on your social network of choice:
  - LinkedIn [#tinytapeout](https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/content/?keywords=%23tinytapeout) [@TinyTapeout](https://www.linkedin.com/company/100708654/)
  - Mastodon [#tinytapeout](https://chaos.social/tags/tinytapeout) [@matthewvenn](https://chaos.social/@matthewvenn)
  - X (formerly Twitter) [#tinytapeout](https://twitter.com/hashtag/tinytapeout) [@tinytapeout](https://twitter.com/tinytapeout)

Commit message:

Updated main readme, might still need some work

README.md, after:

## NOTE:

This is a forked repository, for more information with TinyTapeout (the main people I'm using from)
Please take a look at the link:
https://tinytapeout.com

## Project Synopsis

Firstly, if you are unaware of who TinyTapeout are, I personally recommend taking them a look.
They allow ordinary people to design and create their own personal ASIC chips at an affordable price.
If you're even remotely fascinated with what any of this means, I cannot recommend them enough.

Anyways, here's what my project does.

My chip design takes all the 8 bits of the strictly input pins, and makes 2-4 bit values to then do
an "implies" operation on. For the sake of convenience, we'll call the first 4 bits "A" and the 
second half of the bits "B".

The implies gate, no different than something like XOR or NAND, takes in two values and returns
a binary value. The implies gate always return True, except for when "A" is True and "B" is False.

After "A" and "B" are found:
- Each bit of "A" is implied with each bit of "B", and the result is returned in the corresponding index.

EX:

A = 1010, B = 1101

This gets turned into,
∀i∈{0,1,2,3}, ui_out[i] := A[i] => B[i];; 

or in other words, each bit of A gets implies with B and their result is saved into the 
strictly output stream.

This does mean that the last 4 bits of the output stream are unused and will always be 0!
Be sure that this is considered when using this chip.

For more details, look into the info.md in the docs directory of this template.

I hope I inspire you! Good luck out there!

Bennett Miller (c) 2025
